Instructions
.............................

i. Write comments and name variables appropriately, otherwise you will get penalty.

ii. Submit one file .ipynb file containing all answers. The name should be <student_name>_assignment2.ipynb

iii. Write the questions before the answers.

iv. Write a justification of your solution, otherwise you will get penalty.

v. Give one example input and output

vi. The code should be executable and show output

vii. Use functions to modularize your code.

viii. Take input from users. 



Tasks
.................................................................


1. Implement stack using queues. That is first implement a queue and use that as a function. Use list to implement queue. [You need not use class.]





2. Implement matrix multiplication using list and loop without using numPy or SciPy. 
The code should be general for matrix sizes and user will have a choice to give the matrices as input or choose to go with randomly generated matrices. 





3. Implement a priority queue, where for each element there will be a priority value and higher priority valued will get placed of lower priority values. 
Elements of same priority values should be ordered based on their time of arrival. Use the solutions in Q1 as functions. 




4. Write a program for a general text file and show one output considering this assignment as text data.The program should print a line as follows:

---------

N word1:count1 word2:count2 ... wordN:countN 

---------

where N is the number of unique words in the text file, word:count means word followed 'colon' and then number of times the word has appeared in the input text file. 
Also print a bar graph showing the counts for each word. Use dictionary, list, loop basic data types and basic operations.You can not use text libraries.





5. Create a list L of characters in English (small and capital both) including punctuation and special characters.

Write a program that will randomly generate a text by taking word from this assignment text randomly and then pick a character in the word randomly and 
substitute that character with a randomly chosen element in L and finally reverse the order of all the characters of that word and print that in a text file.
The program will repeat for N words, where N is the input from the user. The program should also give option of using some other text file as input. 

Example: 'word' is randomly chosen then 'r' is randomly chosen then 'x' randomly chosen from L, then substitute to get 'woxd' and reversing the order we get 'dxow' as output. 
Use dictionary, list, loop basic data types and basic operations. You can not use text libraries. 

